In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the whole ijaw indigenous showed Chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of whole herd has been implemented and that this is not the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has also fought for this reduction in the funds available for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of the framework of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price which is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States in all amply sufficient.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	They can in fact wish to more and better, but I think that it is a good start.  
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It should be the real coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will speed up and a network of centres of excellence of food at regional level.  
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name, to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of Brittany as Marín, city of Galicia, where originating from most of the victims.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	One can indeed wish more and better, but I believe very honestly that it is a good start.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It passes in lawsuit next on January 8. It is reproached to him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which besides it denies.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament has been seeking for a long time already.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finance programmes of mine clearance and prevention for years.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial aim of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct necessary to establish, between insurers, the forms of cost option guaranteeing all the supply of good quality of care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still perceived "is an example of supply in the European Community from a third country.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.  
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we can see the Commission's position in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual which was given on 11 October, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members with regard to access to documents.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate all and that, accordingly, it does not have there nor cannot have there of competition without limits.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the different definitions are currently used in the Member States are enough is enough.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr. President, my honourable Members, I would like to intervene on the joint resolution that obviously we will vote.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finances clearance programmes and of prevention since years.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.